Girl your hotness would cause a meltdown if ever you get to the Antarctica
Is sleeping your hobby? (Wow) nice, we should sleep together sometime.
You so glowing! It’s like you have advanced radiation poisoning.
Love your face. Is it MacDonald’s?
You seem sick. I think you suffering from lack of vitamin me.
You look like a Disney princess, because you are cinderHella fine.
Lady you got Fine inscribed all over you, that you reminding me of a library book that has been overdue,.
Sorry, is your Dad a retard? You are special.
Just as red are to roses, violets are to blue touching you gently, I got herpes, and now you got them too
Perhaps your name is Wifi because I kind of feel the connection.
You really seem expensive! How much does it take to date you?
You closely as a beautiful as my mum.
I thought you wore that yesterday.
Huh! Just as brave as the internet explorer is to ask you to be its default browser, am also as brave to ask you on a date.
Are you called Daniel? Because Damn!
Besides being cute, what do you do to earn a living?
You would look cuter with my money. (Anything she says to reply). Sorry I just don’t roll with gold diggers.
You and my future Ex-wife look so alike.
You just so beautiful, I was wondering perhaps you would want to buy me a drink.
When she says she is in a relationship, tell her, yeah lets engage on how to get you out of that relationship.
I know a place where free drinks are offered. (She asks where?) in my house.
That girl’s face (pause) I love it.
Please help me prove my mum wrong, she thinks am not straight.
Girl you look hotter than my laptops rare.
I think am in band of boys known as wrong direction
In you all my prayers are answered. Are you religious?
You seemed a little thirsty when you saw me. Are you a vampire?
Girl, you look just like my own brand of heroin.
You really have a lovely personality.
You should lace up your shoes! I’d hate you falling for someone else.
You Jamaican me mad, you have to be from Jamaica.
Where should we go? Your place or my place? Let’s flip a coin tail your place, head mine.
From the texture of your shirt, this is made of a boyfriend material.
You look amazingly lovely that I would date your brother if that is what will take to enter into your family
You so beautiful that you might be asked to leave soon because you make other girls look bad.
Please stop drinking because you will drive me home.
What do you like? Scotch and sofa or platonic and gin?
What’s your shoe size? Let me guess, size gorgeous!
The difference between you and a Ferrari is that I don’t have you.
You got the same favorite color as me, we must be soul mates.
Can you be my girlfriend?
Combining your body plus my IQ can result to a race of super kids.
Your eyes have told me everything except your name.
What is a beautiful lady as you doing in my dirty mind?
I really cannot move on. Our break up is worse than New York traffic.
Weighing you on a scale of 1-10, you are 9 and I’m the 1 you need.
When you looked at me I dropped my drink, now you owe me one drink.
Somebody should call the police because it is a crime to look that beautiful.
The second best thing you can do with your lips is smiling.
Am struggling to withhold the feeling to make you the happiest girl on earth.
I can’t help thinking if your lips taste as sweet as you look
Am wondering if your Dad is terrorist cause girl you are a bomb.
Sorry, were you really talking to me? NO, then please it’s not too late to start.
I’m that type of men who qualify to have girls they don’t deserve.
Am never usually this tall. It’s just that am sitting on my wallet.
If ever I was to become a dog, would you give me a hand when burying my bone?
If I ever were to request you for a date, would you give the same answer as the answer to this question?
I would happily marry your cat just to join your family.
I was so lost into your beauty that I hit that wall over there. Now I need your phone number and name for the sake of insurance.
Hey, you driving all these guys crazy, I wonder why your license has not been suspended yet.
Hunny my hands become sweaty, my arms spaghetti and knees weak whenever am with you.
Hey can I please take your photo? Because I want to show my mum how my next girlfriend will look.
Hey ladies, I have seen you from the other side and thought to let you know that am taken.
Hi, I think you dropped something on the ground. (What?) Your standards.
Baby, do you know what’s big? My house you stubborn.
I think you are a magician because when I look at you, you make every other thing disappear.
Can we take a selfie photo? I want to show you the most beautiful girl I have ever seen.
Hey, does your Dad deal drugs? Because you are way dope.
Have deeply fallen for you, sorry I cannot hold on.
You look so much like jelly because jam doesn’t shake like you do.
With such blue eyes as the sea, baby I’m lost in the ocean.
You have to be the best thief ever; you stole my heart just from the other side of the room.
You damn beautiful that I think when God created you He was just showing off.
You so lovely that I wish if you were a plant I could have a whole field of you.
You must be an angel, what time is remaining to go back to heaven?
Baby, the doctor thinks that I’m afraid of commitments. Can you assist me prove him wrong?
Girl I just want to enter your wine cabinet and get myself one that is stiff.
From the very first time I laid my eyes on you, I already knew that we can win a tonsil hockey’s Stanley Cup.
You such a bomb, it’s like your dad was in the air force.
Hi sweetie, please touch my hands I want to brag to all my friends that I was touched by an angel.
Wondering what you plan to do for the rest of your life because I would love to spent it with you.
You have such lovely set of buns. Does your dad bake?
Nothing on earth compares to you I think your parents were aliens.
All I ever want for Christmas is a date with you.
Your dad must have been a king for a day to make such a lovely princess as you.
I think there is a grave problem with my eyes; I just can’t take them off you.
For such a fine tuned body, your dad must have been a mechanic.
My phone has this one big problem. It doesn’t have you mobile number in it.
The earth has 20 angels in it, 8 are deeply asleep, 11 are somewhere playing and 1 of them is majestically standing in my presence right now.
Hey angel, where do you hide your wings?
There are lots of fish in the ocean but you the only one I would love to catch on my net.
You rock my world like an earthquake.
You have tightly tied my heart with a strong knot; you must have been in scouts for boys.
Baby please stop, drop and roll, you so on fire.
You so beautiful that Vogue would love to put you in their cover.
You surely must be the reason why men keep falling in love.
The dress you wearing look amazing on you.
There is an angel missing in heaven, could somebody please call God.
Smoking is dangerous to your health…..girl you constantly killing me.
You are a bomb, could somebody call the bomber please.
I have finally found you. I have been looking around for a girl of my dreams.
So what is that one thing you have not been told this night?
I’m really so sorry I didn’t know that wasn’t a Braille tag name.
I should report you to the police because you stole my heart.
All these keys, how I wish I owned one that opens your heart.
Can somebody please dust my lap; this chick needs a nice spot to sit.
Emergency, I really need a mouth-mouth quickly am chocking.
My love keeps going and going like the energizer bunny.
Sure, that band is really awesome; I have all there hard to find stuffs in my house. You can come record them all if you want.
Goodness gracious! I’m in love with you! Now take a rest!
Ouch! You are damn sweet that teeth ache!
The love I feel for you is like dividing by zero, I can’t define it.
Please call me ‘lover’
Your love is as bright as the sun that it turns my lenses dark.
I will tell you my name so you get an idea of what to scream.
Privileged to meet you, am your lover and you are so gorgeous.
Can somebody please pinch me? You so lovely that it feels like I’m dreaming.
Elmo isn’t my name, though you allowed to tickle me whenever you want.
I’m known as “you here” please feel free to call me tonight.
Haywood is my name. Jablome Haywood.
Can I please flirt with you?
Seems like you have dropped something. (What?) My jaw.
I’m attracted to you as an inverse square law.
My bedrooms ceiling is very nice, I think you would love to see it.
I got a first name for my Bologna.
Got a bet with my friends that I can’t initiate a conversation with a lovely lady in a bar. Would like to purchase drinks with their money?
Can I be allowed to finish this sentence with a proposition?
Living without you is like having a shoe without laces, a non-spaced sentence or a non-braced nerd.
If we play hockey I will be the net so you can score.
Life without you in it is as pointless as a broken pencil.
You give the word edible a new meaning.
People need 3 meals a day, for me just an eye contact with you is enough.
A lot of people love watching Olympics because it occurs once in 4 years, I would rather engage you in a conversation because you only meet a special person as you once in lifetime.
Let’s get used to each other just like a snuggle and fabric softener.
You seem hot and ready, it’s like your father is Lil Caesar.
Let’s engage in a wonderful crime ever committed. Let’s steal each other’s heart.
Shall I give you a call or a nudge tomorrow so that we take breakfast together?
I implore you to have your way with me in this new world order.
You got all the light shining on you that the rest of the place is dark.
You really have got me swept off my feet. Am wondering if your name might be Swiffer?
Girl you really are the best thing a man can get, you must be Gillette.
You so damn good, might your name be Campbell?
Your beauty makes me look like a clown.
You tripped me into falling for you and that’s not my fault
You have got a name or can I give you mine?
You have Russian my heart rate. Might you be from Russia?
Hi, while passing by, I observed you checking me out…so you anything you want to tell me?
You looking like dirt, can I please take you out for a date?
The more I continue drinking the prettier and prettier you become.
You make me regret being gay.
I hate your shirt but I love you.
Girl, other girls look ugly when compared to you. I have a feeling you might be requested to leave early.
What’s that long and hard thing right behind you?
Some days to come when I will be looking back to all my crowning moments, the only things I will remember will be the day I met you, the day we got married and the day our kids were brought to life.
Can we get married for just one hour?
If ever you were a basketball, I would be a terrible player because I will never score.
From all of your beauty parts, I love your smile more.
Your beauty doesn’t require makeup. That will be messing with perfection.
I wish to keep you forever though am not hoarder.
Are you shivering from cold? You can use me as your blanket.
Please assist me with my assignment in science, I don’t understand how one gets to Uranus.
Imagine I was breaking a nut and you are a squirrel, would you help?
Do you agree that it is good to help the homeless? Well, please take me with you to your house.
I would love to Pikachu only if you were a Pokémon.
If you are a magician the Abraca-DAYUM.
Were you born in Tennessee? Because you are the only 10 I have seen.
Aside looking occupied, you also are looking a bit lonely. Can I interfere with your reverie?
Give her your hand and ask “can you hold it for me as I take a walk?”
Hey, looking at your shirt I can truly say you were made from heaven.
Are you in any way Google? Because you got everything I have been looking for.
You turn my software into hardware.
You took me at Hello world.
Hey, I’m Microsoft. Can you allow me to crash in your heart?
I wish you were an ISO file. I would love to mount you into my heart.
Girl you’ve given meaning into my life. Are you a dictionary?
My love for you can be likened to diarrhea. It is impossible to hold it.
Lady, you stole my heart’s ASCII.
You got a divine texture mapping. Was wondering if you are an angel?
If you were a computer keyboard, then you would be my type.
Am just around the range of you Wifi hotspot. I ask that you allow me to connect and get limitless access.
1 universe, 9 planets, 1.8 billion people and it’s only you I end up with.
Am strongly attracted to you. Do you have a magnet?
Hey, are you looking at me? Fascinating!!
The way I’m attracted to you, scientist should develop a fifth fundamental force.
I’m so used to reciting the English alphabet but since I met you am unable to go past U.
You got me entangled in your correct and spelling grammar.
Women have 209 bones would you want me to add you one?
I have the ability to seduce you but I’d rather flirt you with my awkwardness.
I had you were playing mine-craft because I would want to play creative with you.
I wonder whose running heaven now that you are here?
Try holding 8 roses before a mirror, you will discover 9 most beautiful stuffs in the world
I wish I were a traffic light, I would change red each you try to pass by, so that I would look at you much longer.
It’s like you are a camera, I can’t help smiling every time I see you.
How I would love to be your tears, so I could be created in your eyes, flow down your cheek and pass-on in your lips.
You as cute as the thing people see when they are dying.
If every time I think of you a star would fall then the sky would have nothing.
Are your parents thieves? Because you got all the star of the sky in your eyes.
There is this person who loves you the most, if not that I were shy I would have told you his name.
I can’t find my teddy bear, please allow me to share your bed tonight.
Your beauty is so magnificent, your birthday should be made a national holiday
Your beauty surpasses that of 100 pink flamingos standing on a golf course.
It’s like you are searching for a shallow relationship.
Why should a sweet girl like you be talking to such a loser as me?
Do you feel pain on your left eye? Because all day long you have been looking right.
Get me right, I like my bed but I would rather sleep in yours.
Do you work at hooters?
Hey, I can’t find my number. May I please borrow yours?
Given a chance I would rearrange the alphabetic order and have U and I come first.
Can I borrow your dress some other time?
Hey, I think I got a problem with my eyes. I can’t stop looking at you?
I would look so nice with you.
Hey, there is something on your face. Look it’s just an ocean of beauty.
You are perfectly delicious. Your name should be Lucky Charms.
Rub her back gently and say I heard angels have wings.
Are you a believer of love at first sight? Or do I have to pass by again?
I had a dream that I was Richard Gere and you were the Pretty Lady.
Please help me. I’m alone and desperate.
What’s your favorite food? I’m an amazing cook.
I wish you were a booger. I would pick you before any other thing.
I asked an angel to look over you while you sleep. He returned and said “angels don’t watch over fellow angels.
Ask a girl if you dead, if she asks why? Tell her it’s because you have seen an angel before you.
Of all the zombies I have seen you are the most beautiful.
You feel like the soft wind under my cheek.
Asked “on a scale of one-America, how available are you tonight?”
I like how those genes make you look.
Honey, if only I was your derivative, I would lay tangent to your curves.
You beautifully sharp. Are you a knife?
Hey girl, am Edward but you can just call me tonight.
Hi, hope you got a few minutes because I want to hit on you.
Please don’t say anything, just smile if it’s a yes or backflip if no. would allow me to take you out?
You would make the most incredible print if you were a pen.
You are awesomely beautiful that I just can’t remember my pick-up line.
Are you usually this hot or you got a tan?
If beauty would kill, you would be categorized under the most deadly weapon of mass destruction.
Baby you sweet like jam. Was your mother a strawberry?
My whole life I have wished to be superman but tonight I’d rather be your man.
Can you speak Latin? (if no) Neither can I, so what are my chances?
I wore my sunglasses because you look brighter tonight.
I have six senses and my sixth sense is telling that you curious to know everything about me. Am I correct?
Can I disturb you for a kiss?
I thought a girl like you should be out there dating Indiana Jones or James Bond.
If you’ve ever seen the reality show “Temptation Island”, then my name is Temptation Edward. Are you tempted in any way?
I can bum a kiss off you, if you allow me.
You the cutest girl have seen goodness! Am also cute can I take you out?
If I could compare you to a city, then you would be Paris.
Oh, those ring on your finger. Have you been cheating on me?
If I would liken your beauty to a software company, then you would be Microsoft.
You so hot, have your oven ever been jealous of you?
It must be either your perfume or my cologne, something smells good.
I can prove that fairy tales are true. You want a proof, kiss me and I will change into a charming prince.
I can’t see, am blinded by your beauty.
If we could define beauty as a mustard seed then you are a Grey Poupon.
If beauty must be a car, then you are surely Bentley.
Am wondering why would I struggle to be a better Christian while heaven is in front of me?
Was your mum hot? Because you are steaming.
Would you be interested in doing that thing of Bonnie and Cycle? Falling in love and robbing banks.
My name can be whatever you want it to be.
Please allow me to search your purse because you have stolen my heart.
Girl, in you I found a new religion, do you have a book I can follow?
If ever you were an adjective you would be called gorgeous.
I really don’t have enough in my house for breakfast but I have the most comfortable bed.
Wow! It seems somebody won a beauty lottery.
Can we play the game of a doctor and a dollar?
I heard you were searching for a perfect man; well here is your man.
Truth be told, you seriously need me in your life.
Stop waiting for a Mr. Right and walk home with Mr. Right now.
Am a little boat lost in the sea and you are the big tug boat that will pull me to the harbor.
Please be honest, am I fat?
Should I die tonight no great accomplishment would be remembered of me except for the fact that I married you.
Am really not perfect but you bring me closer to perfection.
If you were a flower in my garden then I would walk in it forever.
If loving you is a mistake then I don’t want to be right.
Looking in your eyes I see a glimpse of heaven.
If there was a copyright for beauty, the owner would sue you for a huge amount of money.
Would you feel sad if I told you that your beauty is second to Mother Nature?
Hey, could have seen a smile such as yours around here?
Am not worthy but can I earn your attention?
Hi I know you think am dark and handsome but to the contrary am white and heinous.
Think I forgot my magic pick-up line at home. So what your name?
Your beauty blows all the other girls away. Were you ever in the armed forces?
Just pondering, how comes the ladies have everything that make them more beautiful while men have none?
If ever you would be searching for a tough man, remember I can act tough.
You resemble a man-eater but I’m never afraid.
I really don’t care if you using me but please be upfront about it.
I’m the answer to your prayers.
I’m the man who is here to save you. Boys have really let you down.
I think your body is McDonalds because I love it.
Whenever I’m around you my face becomes as red as roses.
Guess what? I’m wearing the smile you gave me.
If your name is Ariel then we were mermaid for one another.
If you want to know what is beautiful just read the starting word.
What is your name? can I call you mine?
Truly, as squitals are blue and charzards are red even if you were a Pokémon I would still choose you.
Though am a hoarder, I still want to keep you forever.
Sure roses are red, I blush every time am around you, I really got a crush on you.
Have you seen any cops around? I want to steal your heart.
Your beauty makes me want to step out and look for a job.
As long as roses would remain red and violets blue, nothing in this world would ever be prettier than you.
I was told by my mum to follow my dream. Can I follow?
You are as hot as lava.
Your body is nice and attractive that I want to make you mine.
If ever I were an octopus, still my three hearts would beat for you.
You so fine like wine, perhaps you made of grapes.
Though I’m ugly, I will still treat you right.
Am so afraid of the letter X because I want to be yours forever.
You seem good in algebra, could you please replace my X without asking Y.
You so beautiful that you distracting me.
You said I should tell you Hi.
You such a blessing can’t stop thinking if your dad was a preacher.
Hey girl, you have dropped your smile.
I don’t donate organs but I would happily give my heart to you.
Looks like we have met somewhere. Did we have a class together? Because I swear we got chemistry.
There is no such thing as love at first sight, but for I can always make an exception.
Only one thing about you I would love to change, that’s your surname.
I was feeling a bit off today, but your charms turned me on.
Please help me with a bandage, when I fell for you I bruised my knees.
My pals doubt that I can talk to prettier lady, do want to spend their cash on drinks?
Your smile brightens the whole room until I had to come over.
In the past I was a gambler, but then I discovered that all I wanted was a queen to my heart.
You may fall from so many things, but the most amazing of the all is to fall in love with me.
There is no word in the dictionary that can truly define your beauty.
You realize you in love that time when it’s hard to fall a sleep because at the end reality is better than dreaming.
When I age I will glimpse in my past defining moments and I will only remember the day we met, the day we got married and the day our children were brought into this world.
Looking into your eyes, they look like a gateway to another world I wish to be part of.
Whenever you dance, you will always have my hands and whenever you sing I will always give you my heart.
Someone has just jumped me real bad but I think with you I can feel good again.
I wish I was your tears, that I would be created in your eyes, stay on your cheeks and finally succumb to death on your lips.
I wasn’t this shy, I could tell somebody who likes you a lot.
Would you please smile for me? Whenever I’m so down only a smile of prettier girl like you can make me happy.
I have a weakness for sweetness and that’s why I just had to come see you.
Can you loan me 25 cents, I want to phone my mum to tell her that I just met a girl of my dreams.
Please kiss me on the cheek with your lips so I could say a lovely lady kissed me this night.
Hey you are leaving already. Aren’t you forgetting me?
I might never be the cutest guy around but at least am the only one talking to you.
Many people love super bowl because it comes only once in a year, for I would rather take time talking to you because it is very rare to meet a person like you.
Does your physical beauty reflect your inner beauty?
Hey you are forgetting something. What? Me!
What’s the time now? 19 January, 2019, so today is January 19, 2019 9.35 AM, am so grateful I only wanted to have the ability to remember the absolute time when I met my dream girl.
I heard that nothing lasts forever, would you please be my nothing?
If you don’t surrender immediately, you’ll make me use my pick-up line.
I want a dollar though I have only 90 cents….would you be willing to be my dime?
If you ever want to be on top of the world, just allow me to be your world.
I got an ‘I’, an L, an O, a V and an E, I love you.
I think I have diabetes because of all the girls I have met, you are the sweetest.
I was arrested the other day for possessing a six pack and two guns.
Hey did you know that my mum passed away and am so wealthy.
Of all singers am fonder of Mick Jagger, because he just can’t get satisfied and so am I. Can you help me change that?
I wish my eyes were crossed; I would love to see you twice.
I usually flirt with my eyes across the room, but today its’ just different, so can I know your name?
Am Edward, would you please take a sit and blow my mind off.
I would like to invite you to my place we watch cartoon, and eat cereals.
Am currently searching for a pal, will you be my pal?
If you could be a drum I would bang you.
Can I get a pen, I want rub away your past and inscribe our future.
How is heaven like?
Your beauty is the reason why the sun shines.
It’s only your name that I can’t read from your eyes
I can now die happily; I have got a glimpse of heaven.
I think you need a map, because every time I gaze in your eyes I get lost.
If for every time I think of you I would be given a rose, then now I would be having a universe of roses.
I have an assignment on the good things in life, I was thinking if I can interview you.
Your eyes are a clear reflection of your soul, they are as clear as the ocean.
If life is a pack of cards, then you have to be the queen of hearts.
You such a magnificent masterpiece, that when I saw you I first looked for a signature.
Am not a believer of organ donation but I would graciously donate my heart to you.
Please help me with a bandage, for I have just bruised my knees falling for you.
You tripped me into falling in love with you. It is my fault.
I once saw a flower and presumed that it was the most beautiful thing I ever saw, but that changed the day I met you.
God created us with two hands, two eyes, two legs, two ears, but only one heart so that I could look for you and let you know that you my second heart.
The stars in heaven were stolen and now I can see them in your eyes. Are your parents thieves?
A sea has countless fish but you are the one and only that attracted my eyes.
The only thing that’s not perfect in your eyes is the fact that you are not married to me.
I have been sentenced for life in your heart.
If one day you wake up in closed room with doors and windows, don’t panic, you just inside my heart.
Somebody call a fireman, because you are burning with hotness like fire.
Your earrings are a reflection of the moon in your eyes.
Hey honey, you got something in your eye, oh! Don’t worry it’s just a sparkle.
You so good in this game of take and let go, because each time I take a breath you make me let it out again.
The reasons why I love you are as many as the stars in the sky.
The best crime we can ever commit is, you steal my heart and I steal yours in turn.
Last night I looked up the sky and matched each star with the reasons why I love you.
Would touch me with an angels touch?
Oh my goodness! Your eyes are a true reflection of falling stars.
If asked to choose either to breath and love you, I would spend my final breath to tell you “I’m in love with you”
The room was bright with your smile that I had to come over.
Contrary to my friends, I don’t think you are cute. I think you are incredibly gorgeous.
Your eyes are so lovely that I think you wore eye contacts.
I think we are near an airport, my heart took off the moment I saw you.
You must be blood because my heart will die without you.
Your presence left me speechless, yet I was to tell something spectacular about you.
Your eyes resemble a clear blue sea after a storm.
You are the reason I cry less, laugh a little harder and smile more than ever.
If I would make a step for each time I had you in mind then I would have walked all over the earth a million times.
The person who suggested that none is perfect; he obviously has never met you.
Smooth will never have enough “O”s to fully define how you are smooth.
If you tell her hi Linda and she asks how you knew her name, tell her isn’t that the name of every cute girl.
It is a privilege and honor to sit beside you.
Were kisses snowflakes, I would give you a blizzard.
You are just like the sun in the morning after a long dark night.
The blue color of your eyes give a feeling of being in the sky whenever we together.
If for every time I thought of you I was given a star, then I would own a galaxy of stars.
I have a feeling we would look lovely on our wedding cake.
When I woke up this morning I came across a flower that brought memories of you.
I never stop thinking about you. You always in my mind.
Allow me to replace your surname because you also took my heart.
If my heart could stop beating tomorrow, then I would use every minute today to think about you.
If beauty would be time then you will never die.
I think they might ask you to go away because you are making other girls look ugly.
The only crime am ever guilty of is loving you.
You really want to know what completes my life. Go the first word in the sentence.
You got me believing in angels, do you believe in fate?
If I could turn and become your heart would allow me to beat?
I wonder how it feels to be a solo star in the sky.
I approached you after 3 tries, because I could not hold my breath.
You got to be a broom. You take me off my feet.
I will stop loving you the day you will find the tear I dropped in the ocean.
Girl, we are just like the clover, you the C and I’m the R, and we have love within us.
Thinking of you is more like when you sneeze and you stops for a second.
If you don’t have a twin sister then you are the most beautiful girl on earth.
I thought there were only 21 letters in the alphabet, because I could not remember letters U R A Q T.
Your name is forever engraved in my heart.
Whatever you see when you close your eyes (nothing), that’s my life without you in it.
Would want to watch the sun set with me?
I can prove that we once loved each other in our past life.
How do you maintain your body so beautifully like that?
You are amazingly beautiful I just could not help noticing you.
Your sweetness is my weakness, am just yearning to talk to you.
Are you beautiful inside as you are physically?
No matter where you fall from, the important one is falling in love with me.
Your eyes are a gateway to a world I would love being part of.
There is no word that can fully describe your beauty.
I like you but am too shy to tell you.
I love your smile more.
Penguin is popularly known for staying with its partner forever whenever it finds one. Would you like to be my penguin?
Hey, I’m making a phone book; can I save your number?
If you were a derivative, I would love to be a secant so I would be touching you twice every time.
Please can get your number? (Girl: I have a boyfriend) me I have a test in math class.
I employed 1000 artists and gave them 100 years to work, they still were not able to draw a picture as beautiful as you.
Is that a coat you’ve pulled?
Hello, I had two crazy pick-up lines, then I thought you deserve more, what’s your name?
Hey, I’m Jolly Rancher, do you know what that mean?
I’m wondering, how is it that I know 100 of Pi digits but have no clue about your 7 digit phone number?
What more could happen? Think of it I got a pen and on the other hand you got a number.
Hello my girl, you have fine inscribed all over you, looks like you are a parking ticket.
Do have any idea what’s on that menu? It got me-n-u.
It’s like you are a clock, honey you ticking me out.
I know you thought nickel was a penny, I’m sure your thoughts got much more value than that.
I wish I were a cat so that I could use all my 9 lives by your side.
I come with you to your place, would you allow me to stay?
I don’t have the strength to make you like me but I can stalk you hoping you give in.
I’d love to make your socks my home so that I would live with you.
Hey, I have never seen such a beauty as you that I couldn’t help noticing you. so what is……
Would you love to party with me in your free time?
You so hot, do ever get burnt?
Jogging has done you a lot of good, you got a pretty and sleek physique.
Hey, do you do laundry? Was debating with myself the right quantity of bleach to put in for my nice suit.
I would love to help you fold your sheets.
Is it me or are all these painting the same?
Your beautiful face would make such an amazing paint.
I can visualize my portrait and yours sitting for a cup of coffee.
What are the scores? I would love to make a touch-down score with you.
Let’s surprise your roommate/parents. Don’t go home tonight.
I wish you knew how many times I had to swipe left to get to you.
I would love to play your favorite game.
Maybe you and me could…..!
Excuse me honey, you sitting on my spot.
Have mercy please, you killing me with your beauty.
How about we take a talk?
You resemble someone I love so much.
You make me remember my dead ex-girlfriend.
I love to smash you in the face with a kiss.
While passing I realized you were stalking me, so….
Hey, you dropped your hand.
I think that cloud was formed for immortal beings like us.
Looking at your photo i can’t help seeing heaven in my future.
You look so beautiful, though you’ll look even more beautiful hanging on my arm.
It has always been said that the right girl would bring the best out of me. You may be that girl.
You are lacking nothing; you got them all there beauty, skills and brains.
I would gladly give up my dog and hunting gun for you.
Can I ask for your mother’s number, I would love to appreciate her for giving birth to you?
If first time on the lips would give me your hips forever, then I would love to kiss your pretty body every day.
Am not into pick-up lines so can we jump to the part where we hook up.
Wow! Please tie me around and put a leash on me, I would gladly be you love slave forever.
Gazing in your eyes I forget my own mobile number, please give yours.
Hi lovely, my eye got hold of you over the internet, so came to see if we have compatible bytes.
Can you think of 3 things I could tell that will make you glow?
Hi, I know you have been told so much how lovely you look, so what can I do to help make your dreams true?
You can change my day by telling me your number, true name and the most convenient time I can call you.
You got pretty eyes, amazing hair and wide shoulders, please say you are single.
I’m that kind of a man who would make you feel like a princess.
Do you want to know me? I should tell knowing me means loving me.
I’m doing an essay for my PhD, would you tell me what’s the most used pickup line you’ve ever been told?
I’m wealthy, handsome and bored, what advice would recommend for me?
Hey, I’m your Santa, what do you want for this Christmas?
Life keeps on getting better and better, my job is done for the week, sun is glowing and to top it up I met you, I just couldn’t ask for more.
Usually I would ask if I have talked to you before, but I know there is no way I could have forgotten about such an articulate lady like you.
My mum warned me not to talk to strangers, can we be friends?
I want a lady who is a lover in the bedroom, cook in the kitchen and an eye-candy on my hands.
I can compare you to cotton candy covered with a chocolate bar and immersed to fry in decadence.
Whenever I go to sleep at night, all I can think of are new ways of how to make you like me.
Ever you were an orphan; I would adopt and love you.
Three things I would never hate; you, juicy steak and football.
I love trouble young lady, so I think I can handle you just fine.
You’ve Taken me, I wonder would your dad be Liam Neeson?
Did you buy those yoga pants? They are 100% off at my place.
You like sweet pizza, have worked at the Dominos?
Girl, you my Seoul mate, would you be from China?
The alphabet has got 20 letters, right?
Could be campfire? You are so hot and I would love some more.
You still using explorer? You really love it nice and slow. Don’t you?
Girl, you hot as fire, allow me to be the wind and blow you hotter.
Hi honey, what’s the time? I could just look at my watch but my eyes are stuck on you.
Hi, I’d love to have your football jersey – your number and name.
Would you love Nintendo? I swear we would look lovely together.
I wonder how it feels to be the only star in the sky.
I argued with my brother that you are not taken; he thinks you are who is right?
What does it take to change you from a maybe to become an all-night chick?
I just divorced with my wife; she says my flirting is terrible. Would you allow me to practice it on you?
The last lady I texted ended up in my couch; do you want to break my streak?
I wasn’t into the love at first sight thing, but that changed the first time I came across your profile picture.
They say to enter into a man’s heart you can go through his stomach. I’m wondering what it takes to get into a girl’s heart.
Lovely, I’d want you to be first thing in my mind when I wake up and the last thing before I sleep.
I’ve just bought a phone; can test it with your number see if it is working properly?
If I tell you that you got a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
Am starting a blog on 100 most kissable ladies I have ever met and I would like start to interview you.
Hi love, I’m called Milk, I nourish your body?
Hey, it looks like you best on your knees. Just wondering did ever play volleyball?
Were you watching me? I really would have liked to make you fall for my smile same way I felt for yours.
Hi baby, the sign says No Smoking, yet you Smokin.
You just like butterflies they are easy to see but had to catch.
Hey do you want to be my SLUT? Sweet Little Unforgettable Thing.
Goodness gracious! Someone poured beauty all over you.
You think nickels are penny? I’m sure your thoughts are worth more.
Given a chance to arrange the alphabets I would put U and I together.
I figure you trying to check me out, are you a cashier?
I get it that milk nourishes the body but surely what quantity did you drink?
Were you a tear then I would not cry for the fear of losing you?
Heard you got three wishes, now that am here what are the other remaining 2?
If it is wrong to love you then I’d rather stay wrong forever.
Trying to have you in my life is like trying to reach the stars, you sure it is impossible but you just have to try.
Lucky is the mirror because each time you look into it, it looks right back at you. at least it gets to see you one more time.
A big old man might come to your room and put you into a bag, please don’t be afraid I asked Santa for you as my Christmas present.
I have just ingested some Skittles; do you mind to taste the rainbow?
It has been long since I got a hug, would you mind to hug me?
Many photos may need more than a thousand words of compliments but your picture only needs one word! Wow!
You have fine lips like vodka and I’d love to get wasted.
You seem like the square root of 100 because you are a concrete 10, but more like a fantasy.
Am searching for the right person to go on an adventure with.
It is eventually possible that I slightly love you.
I’d love to be the reason you smile each time you look at your phone while walking towards the pole.
My faith doesn’t allow me to gamble but if ever I would gamble I’ll put my bet on you.
Hey, it is impossible to spell Calculus by not including US.
You such a pretty angel. My eyes are stuck on you.
You are nicely awkward just like puppies riding on an elevator.
You got a unique physique never again seen in this world. Are you from the moon.
Hey, sorry if you I offended you but I was just asking if you would love to hold hands.
I guess I can call you Obi-Wan for me.
You have to be the God of time because you got two hearts, your heart and mine
Hey, you infatuate me.
We got chemistry between us. It’s like we are sharing electrons in covalent bond.
Please reduce your beauty attraction; I’m trying to avoid liking you.
If I were to categorize you among fruits, you’d be fineapple
The more I see you the more I need you badly hence I have to put you on My to Do list.
If time machine could be invented then I’d love to go back in time and start our relationship over again.
You are so rare to find, could Waldo be your name?
My happiness starts with U. funny huh!
If I could get a chance to look in Erised mirror, I bet I’d see the two of us together.
Girl, you seems to have a lot of beryllium, gold, and titanium because you so Full of be au ti.
Being around you makes me feel irrational I bet you are a square root of 2.
Is Yoda your relative? Because YODALICIOUS.
Your brightness intimidates the sun.
Having such guns you don’t need a phaser.
Hey lovely, word is that you are searching for a knight dressed in a bright armor. So you know I’m wearing God’s armor.
So you breathe oxygen, me too. Think we have lots thing in common.
Let’s bring our smile in contact.
I can’t stop stalking you it’s like you living in a corn field.
Damn! You look like a beaver.
I feel like we have met before, if am wrong bite me.
Do you visit this place more often or do you wait until you reach home?
Hi love, I want to date you.
I can’t explain how I feel for you, but I can liken it to a fossil sample and a paleontologist who can’t wait to date it.
Let’s bet $40 dollars, you will turn me down.
Hi gorgeous, you seem so ripe to swallow.
Would you please help me watch the sunrise in the morning from my bedroom window?
Hi sweetheart, I would love to overflow you with lots of high-octane love.
Would you want to see how incredibly your hair color matches my pillow?
I would let you have your own way with me, when you done you can just push me aside.
You amaze me by your beauty and charm, I don’t know if it is refreshing or worrying.
So the other night I was going through the book of numbers and it occurred to me that I didn’t have your number?
You look really exhausted; can I help you hold your hands?
You got a simple yet disarming kind of smile, it’s just like expelliarmus.
Isn’t it just weird, a princess away from her castle!
Each time I can’t see you I find myself missing you terribly, it’s like you are a target.
Excuse me my lady, am totally attracted to you and from newton’s gravitation law, different poles attract, so I think you are also attracted to me.
I cherish my breath so much, would you be nice enough not to take it away each time you pass by.
If ever you were words, then you would be the best print ever.
You must be winter, because you just about to come.
Honey, if ever you will go up north on me, I swear I will come down south on you.
I read that the tongue is the strongest muscle in the body, let’s make them fight.
You have the same name as my wife, though we aren’t married yet in fact I just met her.
Girl, my love for you is so great that i would put a star on fire if that is what it would take to tell you good bye.
Lovely lady, your eyes are burning brighter than the suns of Gallifreyan.
I feel like riding you through time and space. Are you tardis?
We are so tight that it is even impossible for Snapes to Severus from each other.
I want an Occlumency; I just can’t remove you from my mind.
My pals on the other side of the room would love to have your number so that they would know where to find me in the morning.
I’m not so sure you playing at which Quidditch angle but I can give this, you look like a keeper.
Hey love, are you made of copper and tellurium? You just so Cute.
I guess your legs are feeling tired from running in my mind the whole night.
Hey, this place is too hot, is it the weather or is it the Holy Spirit burning in you?
Excuse, might your name be Grace because you really are Amazing.
I’d never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall… is in love with me.
Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
I am going to complain to Spotify about you not being this weeks hottest single.
If being in love was illegal, will you be my partner in crime?
Roses are red, violets are blue, I’m not that pretty but damn look at you.
Roses are red violets are blue I didn’t know what perfect was until I met you
Your hand looks heavy can i hold it for you?
There’s only one thing I want to change about you. Your last name.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Roses are red, violets are blue, lava is hot and so are you.
You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Can I follow you? Cause my mom told me to follow my dreams
I’m no organ donor but I’d be happy to give you my heart.
(Holds out hand) Hey I’m going for a walk. Will you hold this for me?
Your lips look lonely would they like to meet mine?
I would take you to the movies but they don’t allow snacks
If I had to rate you out of 10 I’d rate you a 9… because I am the one that you are missing!
Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!
You know what’s beautiful? Read the first word.
You’re That “Nothing” When People Ask Me What I’m Thinking About.
I’m no electrician, but I can light up your day.
If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.
If kisses were snowflakes, I’d send you a blizzard.
Roses are red violets are blue, I can’t rhyme but can I date you?
Do you know if there are any police around? Cause I’m about to steal your heart.
My friends bet I can’t talk to the prettiest girl. Wanna use their money to buy drinks?
I think the gap between my fingers were meant for yours.
Of all your beautiful curves, your smile is my favourite.
I heard you’re good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
Roses are red and violets are blue there’s nothing in the world more prettier than you
Even though there aren’t any stars out tonight, you’re still shining like one
If I had 4 quarters to give to the 4 prettiest girls in the world, you would have a dollar.
If I were a cat i’d spend all 9 lives with you.
I lost my teddy bear can i sleep with you tonight?
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
I should call you Google, because you have everything I’m looking for.
You have to attend my wedding when I get married because the wedding can’t go on without the bride.
There isn’t a word in the dictionary to describe how beautiful you are.
You look familiar, didn’t we take a class together? I could’ve sworn we had chemistry.
If you were a basketball, I’d never shoot. [Why?] Because I’d always miss you.
Are you a bank loan? Because you got my interest
Most people like to watch the Superbowl cuz it only happens once a year, but Id rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone like you only happens once in a lifetime
Do you have a band aid? Cause I scrapped my knees falling for you.
When I’m older, I’ll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I’ll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.
Are you a keyboard? Because you’re just my type.
Even though there aren’t any stars out tonight, your’e still shining like one.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
You remind me of the 21 letters in the Alphabet (She: there 26 letters) Oh I forgot the U R A Q T
I know somebody who likes you but if I weren’t so shy, I’d tell you who.
Want to know what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me.
A boy gives a girl 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and he says to her ” I will stop loving you when all the roses die”
Roses are red, violets are blue, it would be a shame if I couldn’t date you!
I don’t really believe in love at first sight, until I saw you.
Are you the cure for Alzheimer’s? Because you’re unforgettable.
Do you play soccer? Because you’re a keeper!
Are you the sun? Because you’re so beautiful it’s blinding me.
I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?
Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You’re A Blessing
I’m not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.
I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.
Give her 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say “I will stop loving you, when all the roses die”
If you were a potato you’d be a sweet one.
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?
Your so cute its distracting
I’m afraid of the dark… Will you sleep with me tonight?
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you’re CuTe!
If kisses were crowns you would be the queen of my heart
Your smile lit up the room, so I just had to come over.
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness
If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you﻿.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
Are you australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Can you touch me? I want to tell my friends I was touched by an Angel.
Knock knock who’s there? Baby Yoda. Baby Yoda who? Baby Yoda one for me!
Can you kiss me on the cheek so I can at least say a cute girl kissed me tonight?
I’m feeling a little bit off today, but you definitely turned me on.
I don’t believe in love at first sight, but I’m willing to make an exception in your case
Do you like star wars? Because yoda only one for me!
Are you netflix? Because i could watch you for hours.
Wanna grab a coffee because i like you a latte!
Are you a 45 degree angle? Because you’re acute-y!
Keep an eye out for elves with ropes and a blindfold! Why? Cause I asked Santa for you this Christmas
You dropped something! [What?] Your smile
As she’s leaving….Hey aren’t you forgetting something? She: What? Me!
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.
Is your name dunkin? Because i donut want to spend another day without you.
Charzards are red Squitals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
If I’d follow you home, would you keep me?
Are you from Russia? ‘Cause you’re russian my heart rate!
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
Are you a volcano? Because i lava you
Are you made out of grapes? Because you are fine as wine!
Is your body from McDonald’s? Cause I’m loving it!
I used to be a Gambler, but then I realized that all I needed was the Queen of my Heart
Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!
You Sexy, You Fine. I Really Wanna Make You Mine.
Can I borrow a quarter? [“What for?”] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.
I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.
Do you drink Pepsi? Because you’re so-da-licious!
You really shouldn’t wear makeup. You’re messing with perfection!
I lost my rubber duckie. Would you bathe with me instead?
Did you die recently? Cause girl, you look like an angel to me.
Spoon me like your favorite ice cream!
You can’t be my first, but you can be my last
(As she is leaving) Hey aren’t you forgetting something? (What?) Me!
Are you the ocean? Cuz baby I want to swim in you all day
I may not be good at dancing but i can tangle with with you all night long.
I might be ugly but I’ll treat you right!
The letter ‘X’ scares me [Why?] Because I never want to be yours.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
You can’t be my first, but you could be my next.
You so lovely, you make me wanna go out and get a job
You know how I got these guns? [Point to biceps] Lifting children out of poverty.
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
Your mom told me to say “Hi” to you
On a scale of 1 to 10, you’re a 9. I’m the 1 you need.
When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.
I’d say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.
I thought happiness started with an H but mine starts with U
Can i give you a kiss? If you don’t like it, you can return it.
You know what’s on the menu? ME-N-U
Roses are red, my face is too.. that only happens when I see you.
I know you’re busy today but can you add me to your to-do list?
Are you a minecraft fence? cos i can’t get over you
If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.
Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I’ll be Yourman.
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
Hey, tie your shoes! I don’t want you falling for anyone else.
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.
You know what’s the cutest thing I’ve ever seen…? Read the first word again.
I’m learning about important dates in history class. Wanna be one of them?
Love is a sensation; caused by a temptation; to feel penetration; a guy sticks his location; in a girl’s destination; to increase the population; for the next generation; did you get my explanation; or do you need a demonstration?
I should charge you rent for all the time you spend in my mind.
Smile. It is the second best thing you can do with your lips.
Let’s play a game, winner dates loser.
Did it hurt when you fell from the vending machine? Cause you look like a snack!
You like sleeping? Me too! We should do it together sometime.
If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I’d have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.
Hey girl, are you an architect? cos I can imagine building a relationship with you.
I’m writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
If you were my homework, i’d do you everyday.
Hey Baby, you want to come to my house and work on your math skills? We can add the bed, subtract the cloths, divide the legs and multiply!
I wanna be superhero, should I be Spiderman, Batman or Yourman?
Are you terms and conditions? Cause whatever you say I’ll always agree with you.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
Are you from Iraq? ‘Cause I like the way you Baghdad ass up.
If kisses were snowflakes, I’d send you a blizzard.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Baby, you make my floppy disk turn into a hard drive
Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?
Nice hair, wanna mess it up?
Roses are red violets are blue I just wanna thank God, he made you
Your shirt has to go, but you can stay.
Will you be my girlfrien? I left out the ‘d’ cause you’ll get that later!
Do you have 11 protons? Because you’re sodium fine!
Are you harembes enclosure? Cause i’ll drop a kid inside of you!
Are you a bank loan? Because you got my interest
Kissing is a language of love….so how about a conversation?
See those gaps between your fingers… they’re for my fingers to slip in
You are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Roses are red, violets are blue – there’s nothing in this world prettier than you.
My eyes met many eyes but only got lost in yours.
F**k me if I am wrong, but haven’t we met before?
You are that “nothing” when people ask me what I am thinking about.
I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
Your body is 75% water, and I’m thirsty.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I’ve been looking for you everywhere.
This is the police! You’re under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
Save water, shower with a friend!
Damn Girl is your name Wifi ? Because I’m feeling a connection!
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
There are so many types of art but you are my favorite.
You don’t need keys to drive me crazy.
My magical watch says you aren’t wearing any panties. Oh, you are? It must be an hour fast!
Do you have an inhaler? Because you took my breath away!
Do you wanna make your mom happy? make her my mother-in-law 💕
Are you mexican? Because you’re my juan and only!
I’m going to have to ask you to leave. You’re making the other girls look bad.
See my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I’m cute.
My doctor says i’m lacking Vitamin U
I must be dancing with the devil, because you’re hot as hell.
Are you a tower? Because eiffel for you!
twinkle twinkle little star, we can do it in my car
Somebody call the cops, because it’s got to be illegal to look that good!
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
If you were a flower you’d be a damnnndelion
If the world was made out of chicken, you would be a hot wing.
What is a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
Excuse me, you dropped something back there! (What?) This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
I’m not drunk, I’m just intoxicated by you.
Draw a line on a napkin and hand it to her. (She will ask ” What is it?”) A pickup line!
You like maths? Cause I want to ADD to you my life, SUBTRACT your clothes, DIVIDE your legs and MULTIPLY ourselves.
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world in which I want to be.
If you were a Youtube ad I wouldn’t skip.
Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?
Do you believe guys think with their dick? (Yeah.) Well, in that case, will you blow my mind?
What has 36 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
You know what material this is? [Grab your shirt] Boyfriend material.
I’ve been wondering, do your lips taste as good as they look?
“I have a boy-friend” – Well, let me know when you’re ready to upgrade to a man!
I know you like netflix and chill… but i’d rather hulu and do you
Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.
Excuse me. I’m from the FBI, the Fine Body Investigators, and I’m going to have to ask you to assume the position.
The only thing your eyes haven’t told me is your name.
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning? Because you are glowing!
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
Are you from Japan? Cause I’m tryna get in Japanties.
I can’t buy you Gucci or Armani but i can make ur p*ssy a tsunami
Are u a sea lion? Because I want to sea u lion in my bed later!
my dick is so polite… it stands up so you can sit down.
⚾ Sorry I hit my Ball into Your Dms
her: i have a boyfriend me: i have a math test her: what? me: i thought we were naming things we were going to cheat on
Please tell your tits to stop looking at my eyes.
You might be asked to leave soon. You are making the other women look bad.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out!
Are you religios? Cause you’re the answer to all my prayers.
I just went to a fireworks shop and asked for their biggest bomb. they gave me a picture of you.
Are you a coconut? Cos I wanna smash you till the white stuff comes out.
Is your face Mcdonalds? Cause im lovin it!
Which is easier? You getting into those tight pants or getting you out of them?
I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.
Are you the square root of -1 because you can’t be real
Do you play soccer? Because you’re a keeper!
Congratulations! You’ve been voted “Most Beautiful Girl In This Room” and the grand prize is a night with me!
Hi, sorry I don’t have an opening line but since you have an opening and I have a line. . .
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
Hey girl, are you exercise? Because you’re breathtaking.
You remind me of an overdue library book, cause you got Fine written all over you.
Are you a door? Because you are adoorable
Girl you so hot, if you had to enter Antarctica you’d cause a melt down.
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Do I know you? Cause you look just like my next girlfriend.
With great penis, comes great responsibility.
Are you related to yoda because yodalicious!
Call me shrek because i’m head ogre heels for you!
Your place or mine? Tell you what? I’ll flip a coin. Head at my place, tail at yours.
Are you sure you’re not a parking ticket? Because you’ve got fine written all over you
Let’s make out so I can see if you taste as good as you look!
I hope you’re not a vegetarian, because I’d love to meat you.
What’s the difference between a Ferrari and an erection? I don’t have a Ferrari.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
Tickle your pussy with a feather? (What?) I said, “Particularly nice weather.”
I bet I can kiss you on the lips without touching you. (kiss her) oh.. seems like I lost the bet.
My friend thinks you’re kinda cute, but I don’t… I think you’re absolutely gorgeous!
Your lungs must be fucked up cos you’re smokin’ hot!
How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice… Hi, I’m..
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
You’re like my own personal brand of heroin.
Could you please step away from the bar? You’re melting all the ice!
I may not be what you want, but I am what you need.
Is that a mirror in your pocket? Cause I can see myself in your pants!
Hey baby. Why don’t you come sit on my lap and we can talk about the first thing that pops up?
Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.
Could you please step away from the bar? You’re melting all the ice!
Could I touch your belly button…from the inside?
If I were a dog would you help me bury my bone?
You’re under arrest for disturbing the peace in my pants!
Roses are red, Violets will never be blue, but dam look at you!
Don’t you think most people who use pick-up lines are dipsticks? (Yes.) In that case, mind if I check your oil level?
(As she is leaving) Hey aren’t you forgetting something? (What?) Me!
Hi, did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
I just wanna let you know how beautiful you are and was wondering if you could buy me a drink?
This may seem corny, but you make me really horny.
Are You Luke? Cause I’m Your Daddy
I would buy you a drink, but I’ll be jealous of the glass.
I hope there’s a fire truck nearby, cause you’re smokin’!
Your butt is nice but it would be nicer if it was on my lap.
Didn’t I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Was you father an alien? Because there’s nothing else like you on Earth!
Would you like Gin and platonic, or do you prefer Scotch and sofa?
Be unique and different, say yes.
Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?
Excuse me, I just shit in my pants. Can I get in yours?
Hey girl, I would ask for netflix and chill but my mood says disney and kiss.
If you were a transformer, you’d be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.
Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?
Are you an omelette? Because you’re making me eggcited.
I can’t think of anyone else I’d rather survive a Zombie Apocalypse with.
are you today’s date? cos you’re 10/10
Is your name Daniel? Cause DAMN!
You’re kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.
My mom thinks I`m gay, can you help me prove her wrong?
Your mom must be chicken cause you look eggcellent!
I’m glad I wore gloves today. Otherwise you’d be too hot to handle.
Hey girl, are you murderer? Because your looks can kill.
If it’s true that we are what we eat, then I could be you by tomorrow morning.
Damn Girl, your ass is bigger than my future!
I know where they give out free drinks. [Where?] My House!
Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo.
My friend thinks you’re kinda cute, but I don’t… I think you’re absolutely gorgeous!
I’m sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.
8 Planets, 1 Universe, 1.735 billion people, and i end up with you
What’s that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it’s not coming off!
You MUST have a nice personality.
I like playing video games… because you are my candy crush
Are you Franklin D Roosevelt because damn baby you a dime
Your Face [Pause] I like that shit!
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.
Are you a Disney princess? Cause you’re cinderHella fine!
You’re pretty. I’m pretty. Let’s go back to my place and stare at each other for a while.
Smoking is hazardous to your health… and baby, you’re killing me!
Want to play lion? (She asks, “What’s that?”) That’s where you get down on all fours and growl like a lion while I feed you the meat!
You should stop drinking! (Why?) Because you are driving me home.
You look ill. You must be suffering form a lack of Vitamin ME.
Roses are red, violets are blue (touch her gently) I have herpes, and now you too.
Do you smoke pot because i have a kush on you.
Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.
Are you african? because you are a’frican babe
hey girl, are you a cop? cos you are probably not here for me, but i will act nervous anyway.
How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb.
I’m trying so hard not to kiss you right now.
Girl, are those space pants? Cause your butt is out of this world!
What is your favorite color? [Color] Mine too! Seems like we are soulmates.
So, come back to my place, and if you don’t like it I swear I’ll give you a full refund.
[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, “What are you doing?” You respond: “Yep! Made in heaven!”
You say, “So, did you here the one about the guy and the girl who had the most sexual relationship?” The reply, “No”. You respond, “Well then, let’s go to my place and I’ll tell you all about it.”
Hey girl, wanna be my hope? the ‘p’ is silent tho..
When I was walking by, I noticed you stalking so.. what’s up?
You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family.
Didn’t I do your sister?
You make me wish I weren’t gay!
Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!
Roses are red, violets are blue, Antarctica is hot compared to you.
Are your eyes ike? Because i’m lost in them!
Didn’t I see you on the cover of Vogue?
I have to say “Hi” to the prettiest girl in the room… Can you help me say “Hi” to that girl over there?
Are you a black hole? Because attraction grows and time distorts the closer i get to you.
What size shoe you wear babygirl? I’m gonna guess size sexy!
Let’s go to my place and do the things I’ll tell everyone we did anyway.
Hey baby you’re so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what’s your name?
Being with you is like listening to my favorite song.
You look exactly like my future ex-wife.
Didn’t You Wear That Yesterday?
Is your dad retarded? Because you’re special
She: I’m in a relationship | You: Let’s talk about how we can get you out of that.
You look so fine I could drink your bath water!
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren!
Can you tell me how my cum tastes?
Are you form Tennessee? Cause you’re the only ten I see!
You are almost as hot as my mom.
Hi, I’m gay. Do you think you can convert me?
[Point at her butt] Pardon me, is this seat taken?
I’m not actually this tall. I’m sitting on my wallet.
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
You’d be so much more cute if you had my money. [whatever she replies] Sorry I don’t date gold diggers!
I’m in a Boyband called Wrong Direction.
Are you the ocean? cos you’re full of trash.
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.
I’m not actually this tall. I’m sitting on my wallet.
Do you believe in helping the homeless? [If yes] Take me home with you.
Kanye feel the love tonight?
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
You don’t need makeup… you need plastic surgery.
Go between two black girls and say “Let’s make an Orio!”
If I washed my dick, would you suck it? (No.) Oh, so you like to suck dirty dicks
Could you do me a favor? Could you get on your knees and smile like a donut?
(Approach a group of women) I’m gonna have sex with you, you, and you. Alright, who’s first?
Are you a magician? When I look at you everything disappears.
Well, here I am. What are your other two wishes?
I must be a snowflake because I’ve fallen for you.
“Do you like Basketball? I can show you my Magic Johnson.
Are you French? Because Eiffel for you.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put ‘U’ and ‘I’ together.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you’ve got FINE written all over you.
I’m no photographer, but I can picture us together.
I wish I were cross-eyed so I can see you twice.
“You must be Cinderella because I see that dress disappearing by midnight.”
Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only 10 I see!
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn’t have your number in it.
Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Do you believe in love at first sight — or should I walk by again?
Are you religious? Cause you’re the answer to all my prayers.
Do you like coffee? Because I like you a latte.
If a star fell from the sky every time I thought about you, then tonight the sky would be empty.
Is it hot in here? Or is it just you?
Can I give you a hug to show you how soft my sweater is?
I don’t have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Are you the sun? I’m about to get a sunburn looking at you.
Hey, tie your shoes! I don’t want you falling for anyone else.
“Are you Britney Spears? Because I want a piece of you.”
You don’t need keys to drive me crazy.
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
You must be a broom, ‘cause you just swept me off my feet.
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them off you.
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but isn’t your name Richard?
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
I’m lost. Can you give me directions to your heart?
Is there an airport nearby or is it my heart taking off?
Was your dad a boxer? Because damn, you’re a knockout!
Hi, how was heaven when you left it?
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
Can you take me to the doctor? I just broke my leg falling for you.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’ve been searching for
Hey, you’re pretty and I’m cute. Together we’d be pretty cute.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you’re lacking some vitamin me.
Are you a time traveler? Because I absolutely see you in my future.
You know, your smile has been lighting up the room all night and I just had to come and say hello.
I don’t know your name, but I’m sure it’s as beautiful as you are. I’m (your name).
You are astoundingly dashing, but I can tell that’s the least interesting thing about you. I’d love to know more.
If I had a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I’d still only have five cents.
I swear someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these girls crazy?
Nice shirt! What’s it made of, boyfriend material?
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot tea!
I Want Someone To Look At Me The Way I Look At Chocolate Cake.
“I’d say God bless you, but it looks like He already did.”
Wait a second. I need to breathe. Being with you takes my breath away
Hey, please keep your distance. I might fall for you any time.
You seem familiar. You look a lot like my future boyfriend/husband.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
I swear someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these girls crazy?
Nice shirt! What’s it made of, boyfriend material?
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot tea!
I Want Someone To Look At Me The Way I Look At Chocolate Cake.
“I’d say God bless you, but it looks like He already did.”
Wait a second. I need to breathe. Being with you takes my breath away
Hey, please keep your distance. I might fall for you any time.
You seem familiar. You look a lot like my future boyfriend/husband.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
I know a girl who’s madly in love with you. If I wasn’t just shy, I would tell you.
If beauty were time, you’d be an eternity.
I don’t know which is prettier today—the weather, or your eyes.
I think the only way you could be more beautiful is if I got to know you.
I don’t know which is prettier today—the weather, or your eyes.
Are you a keyboard? Because you’re just my type.
Do you know what would look good on you? Me.
I don’t need Twitter, I’m already following you.
You’re definitely on my to-do list tonight.
If I’m vinegar, then you must be baking soda. Because you make me feel all bubbly inside!
“If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?”
Are you an artist? Because you’re good at drawing me in.
“There’s only one thing I want to change about you, and that’s your last name.”
Are you HTTP? Because without you, I’m just ://
You can’t spell quarantine without “U R A Q T.”
We’re not socks, but I think we’d make a great pair.
Did you invent the airplane? Because you seem Wright for me.
You’re so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you’re hot.
If you were a chicken, you’d be im-peck-able.
Can I walk you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Want to spin a dreidel with me?
Hey, are you a bar of chocolate? Because I want to look at you all day or other.
Your Hand Looks Heavy Can I Hold It For You?
Are you sure you’re not tired? You’ve been running through my mind all day.
You must be debt ’cause my interest in you is growing.
If you were a book, you’d be fine print.
You look like such a hot rod and I would love to be your driver.
Hello, I’m A Thief, And I’m Here To Steal Your Heart.
Baby, our love is like dividing by zero — it cannot be defined.
I hope you’re a doctor because I am sick of your love.
“Don’t you just hate it when people try to use pickup lines on you?”
Are you a dictionary? Cause you’re adding meaning to my life.
Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!
What’s that wonderful scent you’re wearing? Oh! That’s just you? I love it.
Do You Have A Name Or Can I Call You Mine?
You’re So Cute It’s Distracting.
Your Lips Look Lonely Would They Like To Meet Mine?
“Sure I could buy you a drink, but I’d be jealous of the glass.”
“Are you busy tonight at last call?”
“And I thought the beer was good here…”
“You owe me a drink. I dropped mine when you walked by.”
“I’m not drunk. I’m just intoxicated by you.”
“I know you from somewhere… I wouldn’t have forgotten you.”
“When I text you goodnight later, what phone number should I use?”
Go up to someone, take an ice cube out of your glass, and smash it. Then say, “Now that I’ve broken the ice, can I buy you a drink?”
“Help, I can’t breathe.” When they ask why, respond with, “Looking at you takes my breath away.”
Just come to my place and I will make you a quesadilla.
Do you want to take my order? Give me two pints of lager and a shot of you!
I’m bored. If you will entertain me, I will buy you a drink.
“What’s your favorite song to dance to?” Ask the DJ to play it, and then ask them to dance.
“Look I’m just trying to drink here, but you’re very distracting.”
“Hey, I’d swipe right on you.”
“I see you’ve got some tequila. Does that mean you wanna give me a shot?”
“Do you like blow jobs or sex on the beach? I’m talking cocktails of course.”
Baby, you’re the hot ass in my shot glass.
Did you steal my beer? That one looks just like the one I was drinking.
Excuse me, why is your drink glowing?
I think all the bottles in this bar must be jealous, cause your beauty is the most intoxicating thing in this place.
My drink is getting lonely, so would you like to join me with one?
I’m really shy and it took a lot of guts to approach you. May I buy you a drink and talk to you?
Is it hot in here or is it just you?